README.md, before:

# Budget App

> A mobile web application where a user manage its budget: have a list of transactions associated with a category, so that the user can see how much money it spent and on what.

## Live Link

- [Heroku]()

## Video

- [Video]()

## Built With

- Ruby
- Ruby on Rails
- Postgresql
- Bootstrap

## Getting Started

**To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps:**
### Prerequisites

- [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
- [Rails](https://gorails.com/)

### Setup

- Make sure you have Ruby on Rails set up properly on your computer

``` sh 
  git git@github.com:sja-thedude/Budget-App.git
``` 
``` sh 
  cd Budget-App
```

### Install

```sh
  bundle install
```

```sh
  npm install
```
### Run

```
  rails db: create
```

```
  rails db:migrate
```

```
  rails s
```

### Test

```sh
  rspec
```
### Usage

To start Budget app you need to first `signup`

## Author

👤 **Syeda Juveria Afreen**

- GitHub: [@sja-thedude]()
- Twitter: [@sja_thedude]()
- LinkedIn: [Syeda Juveria Afreen]()

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

- Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/sja-thedude/Budget-App/issues).

## Show your support

- Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

Commit message:

Fix Errors in Code and Update Readme

README.md, after:

# Budget App

> A mobile web application where a user manage its budget: have a list of transactions associated with a category, so that the user can see how much money it spent and on what.

## Live Link

- [Heroku]()

## Video

- [Video]()

## Built With

- Ruby
- Ruby on Rails
- Postgresql
- Bootstrap

## Getting Started

**To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps:**
### Prerequisites

- [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
- [Rails](https://gorails.com/)

### Setup

- Make sure you have Ruby on Rails set up properly on your computer

``` sh 
  git git@github.com:sja-thedude/Budget-App.git
``` 
``` sh 
  cd Budget-App
```

### Install

```sh
  bundle install
```

```sh
  npm install
```
### Run

```
  rails db: create
```

```
  rails db:migrate
```

```
  rails s
```

### Test

```sh
  rspec
```
### Usage

To start Budget app you need to first `signup`

## Author

👤 **Syeda Juveria Afreen**

- GitHub: [@sja-thedude](https://github.com/sja-thedude)
- Twitter: [@sja_thedude](https://twitter.com/sja_thedude)
- LinkedIn: [Syeda Juveria Afreen](https://linkedin.com/in/sja-thedude)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

- Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/sja-thedude/Budget-App/issues).

## Acknowledgements

- I would like to thank my code reviewers for their valuable feedback.
- I would like to thank my learning partners and morning session members for their support.

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
